README.md, before:

## Spark PR Review Board

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/databricks/spark-pr-dashboard.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/databricks/spark-pr-dashboard)
[![devDependency
Status](https://david-dm.org/databricks/spark-pr-dashboard/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/databricks/spark-pr-dashboard#info=devDependencies)

This repository hosts the code for [spark-prs.appspot.com](http://spark-prs.appspot.com), a tool for assisting in [Apache Spark](https://github.com/apache/spark/) pull request review.

The backend is written in Python and hosted via Google App Engine.  It uses a periodic cron job to access the GitHub API, fetch lists of recently-updated pull requests, and enqueue tasks to download PR information and persist it into a database.  The backend has several other functions, including:

- Classification of pull requests based on which files they modify.
- Automatically linking JIRA issues to pull requests that reference them.
- Triggering Jenkins jobs to test pull requests (experimental / admin-only).

The frontend uses [React.js](https://facebook.github.io/react/) to render UI components.  It communicates with the backend via a REST API.

## Development Instructions

### Installing dependencies
1. Install the [App Engine Python SDK](https://developers.google.com/appengine/downloads).
2. Install library dependencies:

   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt -t lib
   npm install .   
   ```
3. Create a `settings.cfg` file (see `settings.cfg.template`).  For most user-facing feature development, it is not necessary to fill out the entire `settings.cfg` file.  However, you may need to supply several of these configuration options in order to test certain backend functionality, such as GitHub data-fetching and authentication, JIRA integration, etc.
4. Run `dev_appserver.py --datastore_path datastore .` and browse to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) to view the application.

###  Loading Data
Initially, the dashboard will be empty because the development appserver doesn't run the cron job that contacts GitHub to download pull requests.  The easiest way to get started is to [download a sample database dump](https://www.dropbox.com/s/uoxgx3c028r1pj9/datastore?dl=0) and pass the `--datastore_path /path/to/downloaded/datastore` option to `dev_appserver.py`.

If you'd rather generate your own datastore, configure `settings.cfg` with proper GitHub API keys, then browse to [http://localhost:8000/cron](http://localhost:8000/cron) and hit "Run now" to manually trigger the cron job that refreshes pull requests.

### Front-end development

The front-end UI is implemented as a single-page web app using the [React.js](https://facebook.github.io/react/) library.  The majority of UI components are written in React's [JSX](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/jsx-in-depth.html) Javascript dialect; these files have `.jsx` extensions.  These JSX files are converted into plain Javascript using a [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) task.

A good development workflow is to run `grunt default watch` in a separate terminal so that Grunt watches files for changes and automatically performs the JS -> JSX conversion and runs the code style checks.

For now, we commit both the `.jsx` source files and generated `.js` files.  In the longer run, it would be a good idea to use something like Browserify or Uglify.js to compile our Javascript source files into a single file and to not check in generated sources (pull requests are welcome for this!).

## Code Style

For Python code, we follow the [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008) style, with the exception of a 100-character maximum line length instead 80.

For Javascript code, we roughly follow the [Airbnb style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).

To perform style checks:

```
pep8
grunt lint
```

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full license text.

Commit message:

Fix backfilling / bulk-loading of old PRs
This patch fixes a bug that broke the ability to rebuild / backfill the PR dashboard's database.

Previously, deleting the `issues_since` key was sufficient to cause old PRs to be re-fetched and updated. On repositories with huge numbers of pull requests, however, a refresh task might not be able to update the `issues_since` key by the time that the next refresh task starts. Or, even worse, the `issues_since` task might _never_ get updated due to timeouts in the update task. In these situations, every cron job run of the update task might enqueue thousands of pull request update tasks, causing the `fresh-prs` task queue to grow at a rate which caused us to rapidly exceed our GitHub API rate limit, bringing the entire update process to a grinding halt.

The fix for this, implemented here, is to no longer rely on `/tasks/github/update-prs` for bulk-loading of old pull requests. The `/tasks/github/update-prs` task will now immediately set `issues_since` to the current time if it is not set, preventing the `fresh-prs` queue explosion problem. To address bulk-loading, I added a new `/tasks/github/backfill-prs` which enqueues update tasks for every pull request ever opened against the repository, using the slower `old-prs` task queue to avoid exceeding the GitHub API rate limit.

Author: Josh Rosen <joshrosen@databricks.com>

Closes #64 from JoshRosen/fix-backfilling and squashes the following commits:

8fb0f90 [Josh Rosen] Fix bug related to backfilling of old PRs in huge repos.

README.md, after:

## Spark PR Review Board

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/databricks/spark-pr-dashboard.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/databricks/spark-pr-dashboard)
[![devDependency
Status](https://david-dm.org/databricks/spark-pr-dashboard/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/databricks/spark-pr-dashboard#info=devDependencies)

This repository hosts the code for [spark-prs.appspot.com](http://spark-prs.appspot.com), a tool for assisting in [Apache Spark](https://github.com/apache/spark/) pull request review.

The backend is written in Python and hosted via Google App Engine.  It uses a periodic cron job to access the GitHub API, fetch lists of recently-updated pull requests, and enqueue tasks to download PR information and persist it into a database.  The backend has several other functions, including:

- Classification of pull requests based on which files they modify.
- Automatically linking JIRA issues to pull requests that reference them.
- Triggering Jenkins jobs to test pull requests (experimental / admin-only).

The frontend uses [React.js](https://facebook.github.io/react/) to render UI components.  It communicates with the backend via a REST API.

## Development Instructions

### Installing dependencies
1. Install the [App Engine Python SDK](https://developers.google.com/appengine/downloads).
2. Install library dependencies:

   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt -t lib
   npm install .   
   ```
3. Create a `settings.cfg` file (see `settings.cfg.template`).  For most user-facing feature development, it is not necessary to fill out the entire `settings.cfg` file.  However, you may need to supply several of these configuration options in order to test certain backend functionality, such as GitHub data-fetching and authentication, JIRA integration, etc.
4. Run `dev_appserver.py --datastore_path datastore .` and browse to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) to view the application.

###  Loading Data
Initially, the dashboard will be empty because the development appserver doesn't run the cron job that contacts GitHub to download pull requests.  The easiest way to get started is to [download a sample database dump](https://www.dropbox.com/s/uoxgx3c028r1pj9/datastore?dl=0) and pass the `--datastore_path /path/to/downloaded/datastore` option to `dev_appserver.py`.

If you'd rather generate your own datastore, configure `settings.cfg` with proper GitHub API keys, then browse to [http://localhost:8000/cron](http://localhost:8000/cron) and hit "Run now" to manually trigger the cron job that refreshes pull requests.

In order to backfill the datastore with old pull requests, visit `/tasks/github/backfill-prs` and log in with AppEngine app admin credentials. This will enqueue update tasks for every pull request ever opened against the repository, using the slower `old-prs` task queue to avoid exceeding the GitHub API rate limit.

### Front-end development

The front-end UI is implemented as a single-page web app using the [React.js](https://facebook.github.io/react/) library.  The majority of UI components are written in React's [JSX](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/jsx-in-depth.html) Javascript dialect; these files have `.jsx` extensions.  These JSX files are converted into plain Javascript using a [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) task.

A good development workflow is to run `grunt default watch` in a separate terminal so that Grunt watches files for changes and automatically performs the JS -> JSX conversion and runs the code style checks.

For now, we commit both the `.jsx` source files and generated `.js` files.  In the longer run, it would be a good idea to use something like Browserify or Uglify.js to compile our Javascript source files into a single file and to not check in generated sources (pull requests are welcome for this!).

## Code Style

For Python code, we follow the [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008) style, with the exception of a 100-character maximum line length instead 80.

For Javascript code, we roughly follow the [Airbnb style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).

To perform style checks:

```
pep8
grunt lint
```

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full license text.
